You won't feel like taking out a black card arbitrarily.
Can you pretend to be the richest person in Long Xuyen?
This supreme black card is exclusive to Fuji.
Heir to the corporation
The new deputy general director has the right to retain.
Only your little white face is fake.
Who are you talking about?
What's going on?
Store manager, there's a poor guy here who's full of fakes.
Holding a fake card and wanting to come to our store to commit fraud.
OH.
This.
This is the only one issued by the rural bank.
Supreme black card
I was lucky enough to see his design.
It's like this.
He is actually the vice president of Fuji Corporation.
How is that possible?
Only two poor people dressed like that.
Shut up.
This makes you offend adults.
Mayor
Our store is not allowed to choose the same goods as you.
Pack your things and go on your own.
Hey, hey, are you disappointed when the deputy general director comes here?
Hello, Madam Vice President.
These things are in our store, you can look at them and choose them at your leisure.
Okay.
Stand up.
Oh, I'm lucky to meet my parents today.
Man, it's brilliant.
This card really does that.
perfunctory you are very capable, right?
Take the clothes and bags he just touched.
Take it all out for me.
I bought them all.
Hey, okay.
The Vice President really loves Mrs. Haha
No, there's no need for that many dresses.
So I'll customize this for you.
Don't women just like beautiful clothes?
Choose arbitrarily, choose arbitrarily
The old woman lost her memory
There's no dress he's wearing here.
Or use the dress I ordered instead.
A few days ago.
Elf fabric is shipped by air from Australia
How do you know that?